pRADEEP DARAK

pBA.LL.B(HONS.) oy S7 . = ¥ rot * cats
dvocates : 4' Block, Kumara Park West,
A & solicitors Opp. Jayashree Hospital,
Bengaluru-20.

Mob : 9036841647
e-mail: pradeep.darak1992@gmail.com

8. Re: Para No.1 - In this para, your Client is imputing that the marriage

proposal came from my Client's family and that my Client's family insisted

on marriage. My Client states that though he wanted to get married to

Chanak in due course of time, the pressure and proposal for marriage was

from Chanak and her family. Chanak’s family insisted on immediate

marriage on the premise that her maternal and paternal grandmother was

not keeping well, and they wanted their gt anddaughter marr ied during their

lifetime. Chanak had false informed my Client that she was close to her

grandmother as she had gone to pub and partied on.the-next day of her

maternal grandmother's death.
9. Re: Para No.2 - The event of engagement and wedding are admitted.
However, it is false that the wedding expenses were completely incurred by
your Client's family. My Client states that their wedding was a two-day
affair. My Client and his family incurred all expenses for accommodation
and travel of their family and guests for both the days of the wedding. The
expenses for the first day of the wedding rituals and catering was incurred
by my Client and the expenses for the second day’s joint wedding rituals and

- =
catering was incurred by your Client's family. However, all the expenses

pertaining exclusively to my Client was taken care by my Client on the
second day also. Thus, the wedding expenses pertaining to the wedding
were shared between the parties.

10. Re: Para No.3 — As_stated-supra, your Client's behavior was erratic, short
tempered and unstable as she continuously fought with my Client and found
reasons to fight even though there was none. Your Client fought with my

Client for two days just before the day of marriage as he could not receive

her calls which he had henna on his hands for wedding ceremonies. No

a

-

 
