30.

The Respondent started showing her true nature and traits

immediately after marriage. The Respondent started inflicting
mental, physical and emotional cruelty on the Petitioner and his
mother (Smt.Sangita Bagri } from day one of the marriage which
no reasonable person could have endured, The conduct of the
with the Petitioner was alcoholic, aggressive,

LI.

Respondent
rude, moody, displaying bouts of anger in every

egoistic,
situation, and constantly nagging and display insecurity at every
stage during the course of their relationship amounting to
physical, mental and financial cruelty against the Petitioner. The

Respondent had no emotion or love for the Petitioner and his

family members.

The Respondent had asked the Petitioner to purchase

12%
d indicated that

mangalsutra for the wedding. The Respondent ha
she wanted an infinity shaped mangalsutra. The Petitioner

bought mangalsutra of a different shape and design as the one
Respondent wanted was very expensive and going above the

budget of the Petitioner. The very next day of the wedding the
Respondent created a huge ruckus and fought the entire night
with the Petitioner for not buying the mangalsutra she wanted.
The Respondent did not care that it was their first night after
marriage and that there were guests at home. The Respondent
insulted the Petitioner by calling him names and hurling abuses

and using unparliamentary language for not buying the
mangalsutra of her choice, despite knowing the financial position

of the Petitioner.

13. As stated supra, the Petitioner’s mother had shifted from
Chennai to Bangalore permanently to residé with her son and the
Petitioner was very emotionally attached to his mother. Despite
knowing the said fact, to the shock and surprise of the Petitioner,
on the 5 day after marriage, the Respondent demanded the

Petitioner to find a separate residence for his mother. The
Respondent did not want the Petitioner’s mother to Stay with
them. This came as a huge shock for the Petitioner as the
Respondent had never made such a demand before marriage
despite dating him for about a year. The Petitioner outrightly
