32

her stay the Petitioner and his mother did their best to make her
feel comfortable, but the Respondent and the Respondent’s
mother would create a hostile environment by taunting the
Petitioners mother in the absence of the Petitioner. The
‘Pretitioner’s mother, being an elderly widow, was left helpless in
such situations and could not respond to their insulting remarks.
The Respondent and her mother would constantly try to make

the Petitioner’s mother feel like she was a burden on them.

18. Thereafter, the Petitioner and Respondent had travelled to
Shahjahanpur, Meerut, Manali and New Delhi for their
honeymoon between 18.12.2023 to 03.01.2024. During their

travel, the Respondent’s own maternal grandmother passed away
on 28.12.2023. Having regard to

the said fact, the Petitioner
decided not

to go out and stay in hotel as the Respondent had
informed the Petitioner that she was vcry close to her

grandmother. However, instead of mourning of the demise of her
grandmother, the Respondent coerced the Petitioner to go to club
for partying and drinking alcohol the next day of grandmother's
demise and posted the stories of her partying on social media site
like Instagram. This clearly shows that the Respondent indulged -
in alcohol abuse on a regular basis. The extent of her alcohol
abuse and addiction was such that even on the next day when
her grandmother passed away, she took off to indulge in
drinking.

Due to the reckless and irresponsible lifestyle of the
Respondent, who was a heavy drinker, the marriage be

tween the
Petitioner and the Respondent started sufferin

g. On a reguiar
basis, the Respondent started going out. drinking and would

come back home late in the night. She would wake up late after
her partying spree and had no sense of responsibility towards her
household responsibilities or her family. The Petitioner's elderly
and ailing mother was compelled to take care of the house and
the family all by herself. Despite not lending a helping hand in
take care of the house, the Respondent expected her elderly and
ailing mother-in-law to run the house only as per the wishes of

the Respondent only. If any of the wishes of the Respondent were
