Yr

27.

about his whereabouts. On occasions when the Petitioner could

not pick up the phone call on account of being occupied with

something important, she would hysterically call him

continuously until he picked up the call and fight with him for
not picking up the call at the very first ring. She had the same

obsessive and controlling behaviour with her mother-in-law as
well.

56. The Respondent would very often threaten to leave the

matrimonial home and even to commit suicide for any and every
disagreement. On some instances she even left the house and
went to her sister’s house over small tiffs. On every occasion the
Petitioner would go and pacify her and placate her with a lot of

love and affection and bring her back. The Respondent’s sister
would often call up the Petitioner and say that the Respondent is

attempting to commit suicide and would ask him to follow all her
demands.

As things stood thus, on the eve of Shiv Ratri on 07.03.2024,
on the pretext of dressing up for the puja, the Respondent
demanded diamond bangles which were gifted to her by the
Petitioner’s mother, which were kept in the family safe. She said
that she was going to keep a fast. The Petitioner provided her with
her bangles of choice but she got furious and said that she
wanted a different set of bangles which were of gold. When the
Petitioner’s mother started looking for the gold bangles, she
realized that they were missing. While the Petitioner and his
mother were disturbed and surprised by the fact that jewelry had
gone missing from the safe, the Respondent started insulting
them by saying that they were stingy and did not provide her with
adequate amount of jewelry during the wedding and picked up a
huge fight with the Petitioner claiming that the Petitioner did not
want her to wear the jewelry . The next day on Shiv Ratri, while
claiming that she was going to fast, the Respondent ended up
going to a club with her sister and got drunk. She came back to
the house with her sister at 11:45 pm in the night in @

drunken

state. As it was the late hours of the night the door of the house
