tc Hedad no hanna
a WGA AGN Ta

16 capseaae
ort ae

| 43

-|
"J

‘lies at a cafe
2. InJune 2023, you and my client arranged meeting of both fam

and discussed about your wedding. After that on 29'" june 2023 you ba .
got engaged and got married on 28'" November 2023 accordingly: ay clien
states that, you and her tied knots on 28'" November according to Hindu
custom and traditions at Maharani Lawns, Kolhapur. All wedding expenses
were on my client.

3. All the wedding functions were held happily and everyone enjoyed the
function and post marriage rituals.

4. My client states that, on the wedding night, she got surprised as you and

your family immediately started demanding whatever gifts and jewellery
etc. your relatives gave to her on their post and pre marital rituals. My
client’s family members were also surprised to see this but all kept quiet
and followed all the instructions without any arguments.

5. My client states that, on 7"" December 2023, you and her went out for 2

days for a change before your birthday. There my client met her old friend
but you started doubting and questioning her and started abusing her and
used bad words. And then you got furious when she spoke to that friend in
your presence. Though, you started creating a scene and broke her phone
and slapped her unnecessarily. That time when my client confronted you
and apologize without any fault and promised you to not to talk any male
friend in the future, then only you got calm.

6. My client states that, days later, your mother started complaining regarding

 

her and her schedule to you. And started giving bad words to her as her
parents did not taught her any manners and all. Even though you just
nodded your head and took you mothers side and warned my client that
she has to live in your house according to your mothers will otherwise she
will face consequences. Though my client stood calm as she wanted to have
peaceful life with you.

7. My client states that, you both planned a holiday for nearly 15 days. When
you both from your holidays your mother started giving taunts again to her
and that’s why they both haq 3 verbal argument. Due to which your elder
sister came from Chennai and corted out the matter. But that incident
